Rewrite Upgrade Guide (#1131)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/administration/upgrading/index.md

title: Upgrading Octopus
description: Everything you need to know about upgrading Octopus to a newer version.
position: 70
hideInThisSection: true
---

> This guide is for customers managing their self-hosted installation of Octopus. If you are using Octopus Cloud, we take care of everything for you, and you will have early access to all the latest features.

Reviewer: Just adding a bit of specificity :)
```suggestion
This guide is for customers managing their self-hosted installation of Octopus. If you are using Octopus Cloud, we take care of everything for you, which means you don't need to worry about upgrades and you have early access to all the latest features.
```

## About this guide

This guide provides various upgrade scenarios with the goal of mitigating risk.  

## Core concepts

Octopus Deploy connects to a SQL Server database, and can be hosted:

- As a Windows Service, installed via an MSI.
- In a [Windows](docs/installation/octopus-in-container/octopus-server-container-windows.md) or [Linux](docs/installation/octopus-in-container/octopus-server-container-linux.md) container.

### Upgrade Process

The typical upgrade process is:

> - Run MSI to install the latest binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the MSI to install the latest binaries.
```
